docs/get-started.md, before:

---
title: Get started
prev: /
next: /freshteam/
---

# Get started

## Install

### Installing in a Node.js project

Installing in a Node.js project needs you to install the `@freshworks/api-sdk` package:

```
npm install --save @freshworks/api-sdk
```

### Installing in a Freshworks app

To use this library in a Freshworks app, add the following to the `"dependencies"` object in `manifest.json`:

```js
{
  // ...
  "dependencies": {
    "@freshworks/api-sdk": "0.2.1"
  }
}
```

Then, allow the app to communicate with the domain for the product's REST API that you would be using (currently, only Freshteam). To do this, update the `"whitelisted-domains"` array in `manifest.json`:

```js
{
  // ...
  "whitelisted-domains": ["https://*.freshteam.com"]
}
```

The Freshworks CLI (`fdk`) will fetch the dependency next time you run `fdk run`.

## Sample code

- [A sample Freshteam app](https://github.com/freshworks-developers/api-sdk-samples/tree/main/freshteam-app)

## Next step

- See how to use the [API SDK for Freshteam](freshteam).

Commit message:

Freshservice Tickets API addition
**DEVREL-1930** - Modify Freshservice API Specs for generating client stub classes

- Added mew API spec from Stoplight
- Performed required changes to generate client side libraries

**DEVREL-1931** - Modify build scripts and actions to auto-generate classes at runtime

- Updated generate.sh and other files to add CLI options
- Built and generated client side libraries

**DEVREL-1940** - Perform necessary changes to add Tickets endpoint from Freshservice to API SDK

- Updated `/docs/README.md` anf `/docs/get-started.md`
- Added new directory and files under `/src/freshservice`
- Updated `typedoc.json`

**DEVREL-1932** Typedoc based auto-generated markdown files addition to api-sdk documents site navigation

- Added new directory and files under `/docs/freshservice`
- Updated vuepress config file `/docs/.vuepress/config.js`

**DEVREL-1967** - Add Unit test cases for newly added SDK endpoints for Freshservice

- Added new test suite directory `/test/freshservice/`
- Added nock unit test suites under `/test/freshservice/`

**DEVREL-1968** - Add ReadMe and contributing documents for API-SDK with detailed instruction

- Added `Contributing.md` and `/contribution-docs/` directory to list detailed steps for contribution

**DEVREL-1985** - Add headings based headless search options for API-SDK to provide better site navigation

- Updated `package.json` and `package-lock.json` and fixed dependencies
- Added search plugin options and updated `/docs/.vuepress/config.js`
- Added Changelog file

docs/get-started.md, after:

---
title: Get started
prev: /
next: /freshteam/
---
# Get started

This project is a Node.js SDK used to interact with [Freshworks public REST APIs](https://developers.freshworks.com/documentation/). Refer to below sections to get started with.

> **:warning: WARNING:**
> While accessing API references and Object references, kindly open the links in new tab to avoid unexpected site behaviour!

## Install

### Installing in a Node.js project

Installing in a Node.js project needs you to install the [`@freshworks/api-sdk`](https://github.com/freshworks/freshworks-api-sdk) package:

``` js
npm install --save @freshworks/api-sdk
```

### Installing in a Freshworks app

To use this library in a Freshworks app, add the following to the `"dependencies"` object in `manifest.json`:

```js
{
  // ...
  "dependencies": {
    "@freshworks/api-sdk": "0.2.1"
  }
}
```

Then, allow the app to communicate with the domain for the product's REST API that you would be using (currently, only Freshteam and Freshservice). To do this, update the `"whitelisted-domains"` array in `manifest.json`:

```js
{
  // ...
  "whitelisted-domains": ["https://*.freshteam.com", "https://*.freshservice.com"]
}
```

The Freshworks CLI (`fdk`) will fetch the dependency next time you run `fdk run`.

## Sample code

- [A sample Freshteam app](https://github.com/freshworks-developers/api-sdk-samples/tree/main/freshteam-app)
- [A sample Freshservice app](https://github.com/freshworks-developers/api-sdk-samples/tree/main/freshservice-app)

## Next step

- See how to use the [API SDK for Freshteam](freshteam).
- See how to use the [API SDK for Freshservice](freshservice).
